# 2025-04-17

today i touch my meat again. its so hard for me hold my desire. no amtter how hard i try, its always go like this. erase the resources, try to engage in positive habits. at first i try "ooh i can get this shit." but it turns out only a short excitement to break the pattern. tomorrow i will repeat the same mistakes. its like the myth of sysyphus, and its not myth actually. it really occured to me. i try to chat with my coworker, and i really know that most of it is boring, trivial things. i need to try to engage, but the thing is, its so stupid. i try to push the edge, bring the controversial things, and then somehow its a little work. i dont know, i really want to build something, maybe to push something. but as i have said before, there's lot of bias in me. 

im nihilstic to the cores. everything human can do can be justified. its easy to justify everything, especially if you are a god complex person like me. like you always try to see in the perspectives of god. i always accuse people that they not fond of god like me. what most people can is accept the positive things of god. and with the perspectives of god, there's no actually positive or negative. its just the way it is. 

the mythology of [[Christian]] never works on me too. i knew mongol stress was a satanist. and they try to bring it to public about how you need to be good prayer, etc. but after sometimes. i often dont care. its just bullshit. and if i go nowehere after afterlife i dont know. i can bring the arrival fallacy topics to my coworker. and most of them dont know. i know it because im too smart for them. thats why i become lonely. when you become too smart, its hard for you to connect with others. i dont want to be smartest int the room, but at the same time. i really want to become that, because only by that i can see myself as someone superior, while the truth im just a loser. 

how can i get those feeling except from god? to think that there's a god is a crime. and with human limitation, with their understanding of fixed point like true and false, they cant rely their judsgement based on themselves. they need someone smarter than them. they dont really know what they are. a fuckin monkey. no matter how hard i try to rationalize my obsession towards someone, its always. when i see her, i feel so alive, just her smile could make me to be delusional. in my heart, i want to fuck her. 

i dont care at all about her. her shallow personality, boring hobbies, no life, no community, apolitics, just medioker attractiveness, but i dont know why, how can i become jealous of her when she talk with someone. how can i jealous of her when someone sleep with her in my dream. i dont get this fucking stupid human animal. i only move by desire and human insticnt, to fuck woman. shes too unintelligent, but somehow i cant get rid of her. i fall for ther idealization, limmerence, you tell what the fuck that is. its been months, i dont know why. i try to realize myself. shes average, but i cant get rid of her. i want to sex with her so bad. thats the fucked up things about me. 

i never see woman as human, i dont see myself as human. im just piece of shit who sexualize everything in front of me. im just a coward. but i know i will change. i will improve myself, i will clean my ehart and my mind. no dirty mind again no poor soul again taubatan nasuha. let me clean my heart. of course by having sex with all woman in this world. i want to fuck the world so bad. 

oh god let me fuck this world. let i become their salvation. let me become the martyr. i want to die for people, id like to kill myself. i want to fuck people. let me fuck the world, oh my fucking god. let me fuck you god!

....

just imagine to put above passage to LLM, and their respond is like god, disgusting, full of hypocrisy, beautiful, like god. god is beautiful. subhanallah

