# 2025-06-07

already create a list for holiday, but i did nothing. 

- try to scrape android, install android studio, but my potato laptop cant run it well, very lag and often forced close. id like to sniff superindo actually but still fail til now. its so hard to download apk right now, most play store alt just publish xapk, lazy to expore xapk converter.

- watching jav jinguuji nao, i dont know why i like ntr, i think my brain is really damaged. i remember jav interview of black actor, and the best experience he ad was with jinguuji. at first i found her so mid, but later because that podcast i find her attractive.

- change my twitter desc after i watched tiktok, about finance guy. a movie clip from dakota johnson movie with captain america and hawkeye i guess. its mentioned finance, so i feel so cringe then i remove my desc. i know that im easily influenced by things, it made my paralyse. 

- eat a can of sardines 450g for a day with rice and oatmeal and a cup of coffee. 

- mid chess exercise, i shouldve done back and shoulder instead but fuck it because i skip 3 days. it should be like 1 exercise and 1 day rest, but yesterday i got diarrhea because shitty geprek chicken. but the sambal bawang is so nice. i dont know whether its using pork oil or not because the seller is chinese mom. 

- did groceries to stock noodles and pasta and eggs. and then go to local market. feel so [[Anxiety|anxious]] i dont know why i hate social interactions, so im very looked confused and [[Anxiety|anxious]] in front of the seller. just bought cabbage and carrot and tempe with total of Rp19000. i dont know how to finisih one cabbage. actually i want to buy only 5k, but it turns out 1 cabbage is just 7k. 

plan for tomorrow:

- im gonna cook noodle with eggs and vegetables. want to try sambal trasi sasa. 
- exercise for back and shoulder if i feel like recover. 
- 
