# 2025-05-19

its my birthday, im a salafi so i dont celebrate birthday, its bidah. 

my mother, my mother celebrate me, and another one is my people lead in my company because he know my birthday from my company platform.

ah an insurance too, from generali and astra.

i just eat payakumbuah at lunch because there's 1 on 1 with people lead. its taste is so mid, no difference with regular padang 20k with rendang.

then i have dinner in warteg using chicken and spinach. i forgot to do grocery. my egg stock is 0 so i dont do workout right now. 

i still watch porn, watching yuu shinoda i cant hold my urge. for this one i need to fix, i dont know when can i recover from this shit, but i believe i will.

the working climate is not really good right now, still not recover from post covid, lots of uncertainty because of AI, low purchasing power, global war, tariff, crypto. ah i dont know. but the price of some investment/speculative asset is recover a little bit, except ETH, my investment, lol i invest too much to [[Vitalik Buterin|vitalik]]. sol is really killing the ecosystem by providing easier and faster [[Gambling|gambling]] mechanism. though polymarket still lead the market. but i really hate solana ecosystem fuck that shit. bitcoin also is stupid, but its a legacy system and to remove it will just erase all the history and civilization. 

lots of things need to do. need to reinvent myself, deconstruct my belief, etc. i dont believe whether god exist or not, but when thunder strike near me or i saw/experience bad things, i always pray to god. i cant understand asmaul husna, my heart is dead i think and its like new istidraj equilibrium where i just feel find missing fajr prayer everyday. need tazkiyatunnafs but it wont work since my tauhid is damaged. so i just listen to little to [[Fahruddin Faiz|fahruddin faiz]] but most of his critical/fundamental topics are done, and today the topics are more boring, not really touch like before. so yeah i guess, i just need to focus on other things. 

just read paul graham, said that the point is we dont have to force everything. discipline and things like that is for creative person is destructive, its just produce quantity, but not quality. like naval ravikant or [[Nassim Nicholas Taleb|taleb]] said i forgot, we should be more lion/tiger, most of the time just do leisure activity, but when we the time comes when curiosity and hunger really waking us up, we should give our 100%. they said enstein goes like that and he dont follow routine, he just researching because he is curious and then the deep work unconsciously happened. for most part i agree, but for myself, im too lazy, i procrastinate a lot. so i need be more discipline, even right now i dont know what i should do. i still dont have things to pursue. like there are lots of things i wish it exist, but the thing is i dont want myself to implement it. its too easy so i just want to be an idea guy and let the others execute it. but the things are problem like that need more attention. its like labeling for any ML/DL task. it looks boring, but i need must be done. we need more data, more quality in the data ofc i mean.

later im gonna tell you about things i wish exist. perhaps tomorrow when in office, because now im going to bench. its so fun in bench. because i can do anything i like.

and another think is about love, ive realized that i got crush to my friend, but theres no compatibility. i try to be more empathy to her, but we got lots of differences. this stupidity of me that i got rush to her, i dont know whether she have attachment to me or not. but from her movement, it shows that she comfortable with me. but politically or intellectually, we dont match. 

i want to write about this actually. that she made her bumble profile as apolitical. im just curious what kind of her parents background that make her apolitical. i found its a red flag, no matter how beauty she is. her family is quite strange i guess, the background, i see that as uncommon. she somehow not frugal, living in a like exclusive rent room, double than average price of rent room. but shes skinny and her phone is not really that expensive, never go abroad, but got C2 in english. she is elder sister and got 4 brother/sisters. like in this economy what kind of parents dare to have more kids. and she attend private university, private high school, not really like math (oh this one is problematic) but she do software engineering. its like a combination of both extreme rich and low-lived mediocre. and i dont want to go into deep, but i just curious, perhaps there is something excitement about her that can make my life to be more meaningful and excited? i dont know, this is the toxic of me lots of transactional and pragmatical value, i need to get rid of my character like this or i end up just become someone so capitalistic prick, but sure perhaps its just scarcity bias that i need to reduce. anyway, i am trying to move on. but the loneliness, the needs of sex and the needs of someone who can share anything with really attack me. so i dont know what to do about this. financially its easy for me as i frgual living, but emotionally/intellectually its rare to find someone who speak same language as me. and when i find someone like that, its common that she is not attractive physically, then i question how can i satisfy my animal needs. so i guess i just need to bargain.

yeah i guess thats the things for my birthday, nothing really special, but i just need more reflection.

i need to lower doom scrolling, no need uninstall social media. but be more mindful and reduce stupid activity. 

dare to have fewer friends, need to enjoy more to be alone, dare to chase goals. 

i need to help myself first, because were just selfish gene. i dont know. so mostly its just biological and evolutional things. 

exercise more, no need to eat more, but more nutrition. better sleep, i dont know how. 

need to reduce meaningless activity, but try to enjoy present moment. read more, learn more, act more.

not just act bias, but act for something that minimizing useless/meaningless things, try to accomplish anti vision. 