# 2025-06-08

- shit day, still no progress.

i often felt like this, try to create a goal, and in the mid of a goal, i encounter its too boring, or i dont care at all. and then change my goals. i am easily influenced. just simple reddit post that tells quant job is meaningless, i stop things. when i try to build something its mostly like that, pivot, and then start again from scratch, and forget, context switching again, its a doom cycle. 

- cancel applying to flip

if i ask myself deeply, honestly i dont know whether i fit with flip or not. the company culture is steer towards muslim because my religious mentor is there, i know flip become big company right now. but its hard for me to move freely. i am afraid i will hide myself again. in act at least i can voice what i really think, even though the job is boring, but at least i can learn bymyself anything i can. 

- i am afraid i strive for something meaningless and fall too deep in the rabbit hole, so the effect is made me not take any action and be miserable, and it creates inertia. i try to uninstall tiktok and ig, but then somehow i install again, i uninstall again shit

the story of steve jobs and algazel is terrify me. lots of guy hoard their material things, not spend their cash and then they die, inherites lots of money to their wife, and then their wife married again to a new guy. im afraid i become like them, just collect money, and not spend to something meaningful that makes me have meaningful life. i dont know why i need to be remembered so bad. i read selfish genes, so genetically , any explanation for this?


- cook tempe, eggs spaghetti, noodle, carrots, cabbage.

---

for tomorrow what will i learn? honestly i dont know. and financially.


