# 2025-03-11
there were a day when my chest feels heavy and tight. when i dont want to look anybody's eyes, even animal, i am afraid to look at them. the moment i look someone's eyes, i always felt that it is the eyes of disgust and pity. how weak am i feel when i see someone's eyes. it was a day when i lock out in my room, feels heavy to go out of my room. i dont want to see the sun or the moonlight when i needed them the most. that kind of day, suddenly appear again to me like this day. this feels so heavy. i am afraid actually. i am ungrateful enough, i cant be grateful, i really want to have a pride in doing what im doing. but after all, im just small, an insignificant star that no one knows about. i lost my light, when i thought i can comeback again to get that things, it is the moment that i suddenly realize there's nothing to return. most of all just excited in the beginning, it plateu until mid game. then it just slope down, and goes down forever, and die. if my words can be translated to songs, id be happpy. sometimes i feel like this negativity is narssistic. my words could be replicated with any gen AI, but songs, even when it is not genuine, it could hide the truth and just express something enjoyable. i want to create songs. all the sickness, the cancer, they really want to live. through my writing, through how i wear my outfits everyday, through how i dribble a ball. all those cancer want to live. and i cant pretend that it doesnt want that to be known. that cancer whan anyone to see, want to anyone feel pain by its existence. no matter how hard i try to hide, it always struggling, it want go out of me, it want to shine like the light. darkness itself, often shy, but it really want to show itself. i cant stand it. like all those monsters really want to come out of me. i try to keep them at myself. i will hold into, i try to suppress, i try repress. but no matter how hard i try, its only prevail for a short time. i cant stand myself, im too weak to hold this. i could die by this. and i should die to fight for it. its all aib, i need hold it, it wage a war to me. and i pretend to ignore them. they dont want to be ignored, they cant be ignored. so there's nothing i can do beside fighting. im gonna die by it, i dont know how many years. it started by yesterday, when i find it hard to stand on my feet. then i win a little war. then it sneakily war again, and like right now, i feel like i lose. i dont know when i lose completely. but i just need to fight, i just need to hold into, i try to eat all those monsters until i cant eat again. there's too much hot and cold that collide in my stomach, till i lose my voice now. and what is the worst than to lose all your voice, it made you no different than the dumb and mute, it worse than the animal. even animal could voice their pain, and when you lose your voice, it means you lose yourself. i dont know how much time left can i survive. im too tired. the little disgrace that has war with you, you hide them because youre shame that you war only by the little disgrace. so you hide them again, you keep it at yourself again, you try to it again. then you eat because you try to show the world that you are strong, that you dont fight any trivial matters. so thats why you even hide your little war. but it worsening you, it made you pell. because when you try to difest all of it, it really want to stay at your stomach, it should be shit that can go out of your anus. but as you know, they really want to be part of you, all those cancers. then you just become uglier from day to day. no matter how many religious makeup you put, your face is gloomy because you cant take a shit. you ask yourself until when, until when. im too tired, i have become uglier. all those cancers affect me, how can i fight with them i dont know. until i realize to end those cancers, i just need to become one with that disgrace and end myself. and what kind of crime do i need to commit to end that stupid war.