# 2025-01-06

lets ask question to myself. 

what am i really want?
i still dont know what i want. for what i dont want, i already listed it previously. 

the curious things id like to ask:
- what is god?
- what is the limitation of human progress?
- how to faster the development so we know the limitation?
- how can i become more significant to faster the development.
  - how can i know who is most influential in any field in my country, then connect it to global
    - if i know who is significant, how can i reach out to them. 
    - how big or small is that? 
    - to reach the small player first or just take the chance directly to big player? 
    - by what kind of media i could reach them
    - what kind of things i could contribute to them
  - what are the metrics for knowing who is in power
  - if capital is needed, how can i increase my capital?
    - based on my skillsets, interest and curiosity, what is your suggestion to increase my significance
- should i create content or not? what is the drawback, what are the things i can outsource but im too afraid to do that.
- why am so afraid of taking risk to publish my interest to others?
- should i move my rentroom or not.
- should i quit my job or not
- should i find a partner or not
- should i reach out to old friends or not
- should i maintain a diet and exercise strictly. or could i just adapt it to condition?
  - how can i increase my energy level, not easily get tired, be more focus.
- where can we get started to answers all of those?