# 2025-04-30

this day is my last day working in telkomsel project at accenture. 

i pray for this day a lot. my praying is simple. i always believe in god. what i really believe in god is to make me not engage in a meaningless work. things like data quality is cool i think, working with spark, airflow, kubernetes, lots of high resources. but still, i couldnt find a joy in their culture. telkomsel subsidiaries has shit culture. i felt it before. 

after [[Idul Fitri]], i am interviewed by phillip morris international. its a tobacco company. fuck then. i dont know what i should pray right now. my colleague in tsel project wishing for me that i dont stay long in bench. the thing is, i really want to speak loud to them, you all pray for the wrong thing. 

i dont know what i want. reading [[René Girard|rene girard]] and [[Slavoj Žižek|zizekian]] reinforced my belief. thats why i become a coward, someone who has lows risk tolerance. im afraid taking too much risk. even in praying. i dont want something big, just meaningful work. i dont know what is good for me or for others. i dont really care about me or others. 

i simply a man who got nothing. perhaps i need new hobbies. but when i try, i am sort of feeling there's always a hole. maybe my dopamine sytem is fucked up because of too much doom scrolling and porn. but here i am. 

so i just need to keep going, hoping what is best for me. just try to look something in chatgpt, the roadmap to be peter thiel. perhaps tomorrow i try naval ravikant. but everything seems need effort. im lazy, and i pray i could kill this laziness. 

god, most higher order things, i dont know but i think i could achieve that. as long as i true to myself. but even when im giving feedback to others. i often give them what they want to hear. not what they need. sometimes i dont know why i do that. radical honestly, radical candor perhaps, its not working for me. its just i dont care what happens to others. they somehow really like what they do. they dont care about the meaninglessness. 

as long as they work, like what others do. i cant stand with people like that. its not that i have a higher opnion or judgment about myself, or regard them as lower. no its not. i think looking how the anthropological things affect them, what i can is not to wake them up. i dont want to be a hero, i want everything to be effortless. 

if happiness and certainty is what they after, then i just let them be. i walk my own way, to the deep, to search what is really worth fighting for. for now, actually its more than enough to live for months without having to work. but i always believe, if not in accenture, perhaps in another company, another network, another company. 

that i could find my own tribal, that think and feel deeply, not based on solely survival instinct, but to find the truth, to find what is worth living for. ill figure it out.