# 2025-05-25

today i was doing karaoke with my college, were 7 and i dont like it that much, because no one knows about black eyed peas - where is the love. and its not like previous karaoke, where its just 5, not really chaotic. but its 7 so its more complex, the bonding of the groups and so on. i pick song for myself: where is the love, 1d little things, bondan yasudahlah, and bigbank lets not fall in love. the last i skip because i just the only one who knows lol, i try to impress my crush, but she didnt attend, so i was just felt kinda sad.

the next is bowling, oh god i really hate this game. lots of bugs, lots of competition, not really fun. i dont feel like it was a sport. it waste my money and time. i missed maghrib prayer because of this fucking shit. my energy is ATL right now. but yeah, i try to enjoy present moment more. 

but as soon as i back home, i have just asked myself, is this really something that i really want? the thing is i dont know. the superficial relationship, i really hate that much. i feel like i cant socialize well if the group has more than 5 people, its too complex. my limitation is only 5. so for a gathering more than that, i often try to reject, unless it is not too long. but honeslty even just short time, it waste my energy a lot after meeting, so i just try to avoid all superficial relationship a lot. 

and the next, i should think about tomorrow. what personal project i should build. i am running out of time to think, i dont know what to plan. yesterday i just follow random courses fomr google to get badges. honestly, it doesnt hone my thinking that much, i really yearn to think something thats matter. 

perhaps continuing my stock scraping project? its too boring. i dont know if i should follow quant curriculum or not, or perhaps i should start from CFA first because im too overwhelm when i follow MIT quanitative finance. theres too much derrivatives, which personally im against it because im a muslim. i dont know it feels like i dont really believe in islam, but i really want to practice islam, because most of it is just fit with my ethical values. and in regard to riba, honestly i dont know what si my stance. i am avoiding non ISSI in IDX, and for crypto i try to follow IFG. even now i try to get out of crypto. but still most of my portfolio is in ETH, so yeah, i was losing and too stupid for betting to this shit. 

the cypher and graph database, i try it and can produce some query. but i dont see the use case in a higher level or beyond level of understanding. perhaps i need to learn about AI agent, so AI can paralelly do the work fmro what i really like. but the things are i dont want to pay single penny to openAI or any genAI tools. i dont know why, i think i m just too stingy or risk averse. 






