# 2025-04-20

down to the food and nutrition rabbit hole. cook edamame, eat sardines. 

deconstruct my believe to chatgpt. and now new section in chatgpt about my believe. 

i am amaze seeing the palantir CFO, i forgot who, but he debate with paul graham about something, their topic seems serious, and he can text beutifully comprehensive. i really like those kind of people. for now, my writing skills are very bad. even in indoensia, i cant really structure my thoughts. thats why i need to always validate my thoughts with gen AI tools. fuck me ngmi. 

but this week is honestly amazing, i knew more about many believe system, about future prediction of me by ai. its fucking nonsense i know. it made me delusional and live in my own bubble. but honestly its amazing experience. 

my believe is certain now. in order to believe in god i need to do crypto [[Meme]] trading with 100x leverage.

that is only the only way i can live right now. 

---

banyak orang ingin mulai bisnis. tapi gatau bisnis apa yang dibutuhkan market.

competition is for loser -> orang males kompetisi kalo produk/content udah ada, maka perlu tau apa yang banyak orang butuhkan.

pertanyaannya, gimana cara melakukan market demand research? cara tau "what people want but aren't getting"

sebagai contoh, saya pernah search konten berikut di tiktok tapi belum pernah nemu video yang sesuai:

- cara bikin mobil terbang from scratch?
- cara menanamkan sensor smart watch ke tubuh biar ga perlu lepas pasang jam, atau cara ngecas sensor tersebut pakai nutrisi yang dimakan manusia?
- cara nawar di pasar tiap daerah biar ga dimahalin?



