# 2025-06-02

starting my june with bad feeling. 

cant sleep to 2AM, so gooning and nostalgia of junior high school porn. 

feel so tired at office, the internet is too slow, the laptop is too slow. losing focus so just learn randomly at my office platform. 

after lunch still feel sleepy even i have eaten, and cant get coffee because there's a company visit. 

most of my coworker wear formal and very neat, while i just put white tshirt and chino lol, i dont forgot bout the event but i just didnt realize that it is so intense. 

try to start llm zoomcamp, and im very excited, made me lust to build my pc, but dont know whether i stick to acn for long or not. because im lazy to move if i have bought and i am afraid it will make me attach to semarang. 

and i dindt really start llm because of shit slow internet at office.

at night i found job vacancy at flip, the job desc is realted to agentic AI. really want to bad, but feel underqualify. 

just look at the twitter that ibrahim arief, former CTO of govtech goes to be witness for corruption case, i dont know why but i like his writing and insight. 

tomorrow, i still dont know what to do, should i bring my laptop or not because i hate office laptop, its very slow. 

and i watched this [You Think It’s Lust — But It’s Actually Emptiness - Carl Jung](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MjXgz01Luj4) it somehow made me realize the emptiness. but i really to give my love, like i have so many love to give. the easiest thing to do i can try to give love to my family, but im too coward. so i prefer stranger. i need to save as much as people i can. and what is the defintion of saving someone else for you? i dont know, its mostly egoism. 

still process to integrate my shadow. i think i should bring my personal laptop tomorrow and the day after tomorrow, and when i in bench

