intro

- i believe data driven society could make world a better place
- contagion ideas i have is economy post scarcity and economic based on donation
- if people behave by incentive, then the currency we have right now is obsolete. people will do everything to get the incentive. most advertisment and social media company driven by interaction and engagement, no matter how destructive itself by some perspectives, it continually incentivize those behaviour. to my mind it's not healthy in the long term. respect might be an alternative currency. 
but it is quite confusing because how we properly incentivize something or someone which deserve an incentive. 
and who are you to judge a content is constructive or destructive?
art itself is hard to valuate. 
what i would like to pursue abstractly is data driven society

---

women i love:

- serial experiment lain
- kino no tabi
- karen armstrong
- ayn rand
- faye wong
- amelie

---
Learning from petting

When I was in elementary school, I got rabbits: Mik muk Popo coki; cupang: terry maryadi.

cat disappeared, i want to died like cat

san diego, rindu, died in ship in the sea


--- meme
mom dad drink meme,
self deprecating jokes squidword,
balance thanos: one step away form going fully to rsj vs ummah prayers to rahmatika your arhamarrahimin

saya sudah menjual seluruh jiwa saya untuk allah, dan allah memberikan jiwa saya ke rakyat indonesia

---

Data Pribadi: Nama lengkap, alamat, nomor telepon, email, tanggal lahir, dan tempat lahir.
Pendidikan: Riwayat pendidikan formal, termasuk jenjang pendidikan, nama sekolah atau universitas, program studi, tahun lulus, dan IPK.
Pengalaman Kerja: Pengalaman kerja sebelumnya, termasuk nama perusahaan, posisi yang dipegang, tanggung jawab, dan durasi kerja.
Pengalaman Organisasi: Pengalaman organisasi, termasuk nama organisasi, jabatan yang dipegang, tanggung jawab, dan durasi keanggotaan.
Keterampilan: Keterampilan dan keahlian yang dimiliki, seperti bahasa asing, penggunaan komputer dan software tertentu, dan keterampilan teknis lainnya.
Penghargaan dan Prestasi: Penghargaan dan prestasi yang pernah diraih, misal penghargaan akademik, keprofesian, atau prestasi dalam bidang olahraga atau seni.
Minat dan Hobi: Daftar minat, hobi, atau aktivitas kesukaan pribadi, bisa jadi cerminan diri Anda sehari-hari yang dilihat oleh perusahaan. Semakin positif dan bermanfaat hobi tersebut, bisa jadi pihak HRD memandangnya sebagai nilai plus. Di sisi lain, mencantumkan minat dan hobi bertujuan untuk menunjukkan passion Anda di luar pekerjaan sehari-hari.
Referensi: Nama dan kontak orang yang dapat memberikan referensi tentang diri Anda.
Foto: Sebuah foto dapat dimasukkan ke dalam daftar riwayat hidup, meskipun hal ini tergantung pada format yang diinginkan.


```

tfw one step away from istidraj state, but it is war with your doa ibu. so instead of enjoying all kenimatan duniawi, you are instead given pain so that you hit rock bottonm to question all of ur unethical behaviour previously. this guy really should be put in jail.

fff


2024-06-22

i dream about nabila again.

i want to restart my learning towards more technical in defi. so im going to find explanation in all these things in defi from defillma top protocols. here's what i want to write

Chain
Liquid Staking
Restaking
Lending
Liquid Restaking
Yield
CDP
Basis Trading
Farm
Dexes
RWA
Yield Aggregator
Privacy
Services
Launchpad
Synthetics
Leveraged Farming
Derivatives
Cross Chain
Insurance
Payments
Indexes
NFT Marketplace
Liquidity manager
Algo-Stables
Options
NFT Lending
Options Vault
Reserve Currency
Prediction Market
DEX Aggregator
Uncollateralized Lending
RWA Lending
Decentralized Stablecoin
Gaming
SoFi
NftFi
Oracle
Wallets
Staking Pool
Telegram Bot
Ponzi

i have just realize i go to univ not because i want to, its because i am told to do.

i not choose the major i really interested, i choose it because im afraid become poor and jobless.

i work not because i want to, but because im afraid im looked useless by people.

every choose and decision i make is mostly because im afraid of what is social construct.

and it leave me become miserable.

now i quit the mundane job i got, now i say no to people i have no respect. now i become unemploye, i try to break frmo all of these things that makes me miserable. 

i try to ask myself everyday, if money isnt an issue, what will i gonna do. its been 3 months and i still could find the answer. 

i try to ask question what im valuing most, and i dont really know about. i understand that value and meaning is subjective human creation. 

and now i am circling here, dont know what to do, dont know what i want. it makes me miserable too. 

then i see time.fun. everything seems like can be tokenized. i hope someone create token that tokenize my misserableness, but i think it will have no value since it could become infiinity.

but as you see, in this era of speculation, people can do long on short of everything, my miserable could fluctuate, perhaps i could make it as little as possible so it become scarce, and only the meaningful and valueable misserable that exist, so perhaps it could become valuable? 

and when people start trade short my miserableness to the point of it doesnt exist, what people get in returns. will they get a lot of loss? but i must assure, that my misserable must have a value, it wont go to 0 or to become void

i understand i must choose miserable that is valuable to be exchanged by miserable that is not valuable. for that i believe my misebrable could be trade, its dynamic, its struggle, its beauty, i believe it could be trackd eternally in our digital world. to prove that i have miserable that is beautiful. 

---

2024-06-24

its 6 pm, my sister went home, she told a story that she use 50 thousand rupiah for buy a food that cost 4 thousand rupiah, then suddenly my mother complain, i forgot the detail, but then my sister just got mad about my mom's complaining. my father then worsening the situasion by stressing, "if you tell story to mother, what she can do is only to look the negative aspects on it!". my mother then mad again, "then dont tell story, dont communicate!". my father was planning to go to my grandma in yogya with family, but my mothers then speaks with sad tone after that, "i dont need to follow, im a burden, go yourself, so you can go freely", then the ultimate of events is occured, for the first time in my life, i hear my mother scream sadly "tolong ngertiin ibu, ibu kan sakit mental"

i feel sorry for herself, i want to hug my mom, but im just a coward. so i just type this shit in my room. will it be better? i dont know. i dont want to live either. 

update: after maghrib prayer, we're just fine. from its so over to were so back

---

hopeless dan membangkang? kaya orang ga beragama aja. orang indonesia tuh kan mayoritas beragama, harusnya iklas dan nikmatin aja, kan percaya akhirat. 

kan banyak ceramah, orang miskin, lemah, dan tidak beruntung lebih gampang masuk "surga". kelas menengah tuh harus dibuat lebih susah biar makin banyak orang susah, biar lebih gampang masuk surga.

harusnya justru bersyukur dapet pejabat korup yg bikin rakyat miskin dan goblok terus. ngapain demo capek-capek menghina-hina pemerenta, itu semua nafsu dari "setan".

orang lemah dan miskin gaperlu diselamatkan, yang bisa diselamatkan itu justru orang2 korup, tapi emangnya mau nyelametin orang korup? makanya lebih baik bersyukur aja, go with the flow, dan nikmati terus hidup.

kalo mau memperjuangkan keadilan, kesetaraan, atau apalah itu, itu artinya ngasih lebih banyak kebebasan buat yang kurang beruntung, artinya mereka punya potensi buat jadi lebih korup, saat antum memperjuangkan itu, kalo keadaan tambah korup, artinya antum perlu bertanggung jawab juga. 

makanya, pertahankan dan lanjutkan aja kondisi kaya gini. teruslah risk averse, temen tongkronganmu aja ga ada yg demo ngapain demo, mending kerja terus, push rank bareng-bareng, party2, judol, pinjol, pornografi harus ditingkatkan. teruslah berlomba-lomba dalam kebahagiaan, bersyukur, dont worry be happy, YOLO :v

elit2 powerful korup itu adalah juru selamat umat manusia yang harusnya kita muliakan.

pesan utama almarhum yang bund*r kemarin itu sebenernya toa masjid sering berisik ganggu, tapi mayoritas ga pernah sadar -__-

---

now what? aduh film tolol, bikin aing impulsif resign tanpa backup plan

taunya cari loker cleaning service dengan gaji layak susah bngt.

pleaseee info loker satpam futsal atau marbot masjid dong :"

bjirlah masa aing hidup sbg rentier / portfolio manager dan sejenisnya, hina bngt astaga


---

2024-07-29

working on something meaningful is hard this days. too many choices, too many doom news, climate crisis, financial crisis, higher uncertainty, generally all higher enthrophy. 

paradox of choice could slow down our progress, its making us hard to decide, especially for those who hasnt take enough courage in life, for example is myself, i want to be the example for this. 

when choosing the degree, specifically, too many choices, we can see a lot of thigns on the internet, everything seems like interesting, there's much problem to solve, there's so many potential, if there's no any, we can create our problem and made us hero that solve the problem. 

i choose my degree not because i really like it, but because i afraid of not getting job. at the identity crisis in my teenager life, i simply want to find, what is truth. i got convinced, that if you want to find truth you should go to philosophy, so many "why" question. but i dint take that degree simply because its not practical, i am afraid of the future, i am afraid of something that is hard. i like computer too since i was a kid, and of course i like money. then i hate politics too. so i want to integrate all of them, searching for truth in philosophy, learn computer, looking for how the world works in economy or politics, i want to learn all of them. but then i take side all of it, because i was a loser. i simply want the easy road, so i take information system degree, that is easy to reach. 

i want to take everything faster, so i mostly take the short road. after i finished my degree, i have felt the faustian bargaining. tech is oversaturated, the paid is not well for a mediocre. im a mediocre because i dint fully commit in what i learn. then, i realize that i took a high risk low return path for now. i got a first full time meaningless consultant job i hate working with someone i dont admire. only for 8 months i resign.

---

i realize that today is easy to face the social/peer pressure. esepecially if your not in a insufficiency state. 

when your not in survival mode, i really suggest you to get out of something you dont really like, time is precious. even though i still cant find what i really want or focus on, i simply get a calmer state to reflect so i can prepare for the next action. i guarantee it would be painful, leaving your comfort zone, afraid of uncertainty. but by only this way, we can really acheive our meaningful life.

diversification is only works for something follows normal distribution. in living our life, there's too many chaos, and diversification is not option, sometimes you have to gamble, sometimes you have to all in for something you really hope for. and this day is so easy to face peer pressure. 

if youre looked not having a job, or asked by your neighbor or family, you can just simply you work online, if money is not an issue. of course you have to have a proper margin of safety first. and by this you can really try for something you really want to pursue. 

if they ask about the detail, just simply answer, i do something like managing portfolio, yes, you perhaps managing only $100 meme coin or something, but it still called manaing portfolio, you can make this up.

or you can say youre doing marketing, affiliate marketing by sharing your referal code in random apps, that just paid $1 for customers you get.

or you can say youre a tester, where you airdrop hunting doing task related to test the network, or share the projects because basically it is all testing, whether its terting the technical aspects, or test the market. 

everything is easy now, there's no excuse for choosing something perforce. there are a lot excuse so you can keep balance id with your superego. but of course what i suggest is tell the truth, tell the truth that your just a lost boy who doesnt value life, you might surprise about they're gonna to you after answer that shit. the real truth is they simply dont care about you, you just have a spotlight effect all this time, no care about you, that might might be the worse, or best for you though.



